Add ping listener for the website to know the extistence of extension (#24)
short-d/short-ext: README.md

- node v12.3.1

## Getting Started
### Setup
```bash
cp .env.dist .env
```

> Replace `APP_BASE_URL` value with the URL of the web frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `APP_BASE_URL` with the URL of the web frontend.
```

> Replace `APP_BASE_URL` value with URL of the client (web application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `APP_BASE_URL` value with the URL of the web frontend.
```
